spring split is over week nine is done
and hundred thieves did it they pulled
off of the highest yes I know it's a
joke and they've stolen first place from
echo fox there's so much talk about as
we head into playoffs in just a week no
break at all and guess what speaking of
hundred thieves we have prolly on the
show today he's gonna be talking to us
about how he managed to somehow sneak
his way into first place here at the
very end it's gonna be such a fun show I
really like that guy and maybe Mark is
okay too all that more coming up next
Hotline league is brought to you by open
by HP while we are here it is episode I
believe 18 and if I'm counting correctly
I'm joined right now by my perennial
host co-host mark Zimmerman how's it
going mark pretty good I had a relative
relaxing day I even did a secret stream
where I didn't say I was gonna stream
and I played Monster Hunter on it really
did or anything no I didn't do anything
I just turned it on someone posted and
one liked to offline TV discord so got
up to like 200 300 for a little bit
before dropping back down because I was
not being very interactive or
entertaining and then I just turned it
off and continued to play monster hunter
after I got bored of talking to people
how many offline dis courts are there I
don't know I'm not a part of any of them
okay I don't really loot somewhere out
there there are hundreds of people and
if you post a link to a stream they come
and watch it you trying to weasel your
way in Travis you're not a part of
offline TP okay whoo-hoo I mean this
point of time I feel like it's hard to
figure out who is and who is it a part
of offline team I agree Travis I agree
that is a proper Merril they do whatever
of off lights just like shows up in a
vlog and it's like suddenly somehow it
is Twitter by the market smokey that's
the new ship I'm going for that's the
hottest thing maybe Mark X toast you
know mark Marilyn I mean I know ya know
mark so I wouldn't ship you with anyone
mark alright good because I'm taking oh
good yeah jad is he's a lucky man
alright let's talk a little bit
about league of legends well how's your
week been like besides all the stream
and everything like how's your day your
professional week have been going my
professional week was fun we had a
10-game day I thought like as it started
like as we got into this the second half
I was like oh fuck it's gonna be awful
but it was pretty good like all the
games were fun they were important
they're between good teams so it's sick
and then obviously the whole ending of a
split fucking wild that 1 through 6 are
all separated only by one game and we
had to do 5 tie breakers and no one
knows who's good anymore no one knows
how to vote on their ballots which are
gonna be due pretty soon yeah yeah we
should actually talk about that and it's
a public that we can kind of talk about
before probably comes on but first I
want to take a job on the desk because I
feel like we know we talked about this
at the beginning of the like hotline
league back in January mm-hmm first up
we had - on a couple weeks in but even
before then you're like yeah we're gonna
try a bunch of different stuff with the
desk like it makes a lot of sense that
jad is coming in and I remember some of
the early reactions like I I remember
back when you guys were like okay we're
gonna talk about bjergsen and kind of
discuss you know whether or not he was
good in this game or not and everyone's
like wow this analyst us now everybody
loves it they love the opening show and
you've been getting nothing but love
throughout the the bjergsen one was a
little understandable because people
didn't know that the desk was supposed
to be different so I think there's a
reaction of that as well as the fact
that I don't think we really nailed that
segment I think all of us work like
after we finished it we're like how did
that come across probably not well I
mean we weren't a social meeting is like
yep didn't come across well yeah so we
knew we didn't quite hit the mark on
that one but then after that I felt like
we've really been finding our stride
more and more and it's a lot of fun
especially the countdown like we just do
so much ridiculous shit I think all of
us feel like we have hit exactly what we
were aiming for not that we can't do
better but just like this is what we
were hoping yeah yeah I mean I I just I
I've really enjoyed it like I find
myself in the past we I mean we talked
about this I think at the end of last
year and I think I've given this
feedback to other people in the past
like I had no problem getting up and
leaving the room to go outside to film
interview whenever the analyst desk came
on but more and more I find myself like
sort of like sticking around because
some segment that's really funny or
interesting or whatever and I I think
it's been it's been quite fun so
congrats on that and you were what so
thank you senior yeah for me I know
you're not gonna ask me you never do but
I'll tell you anyway how my week with I
know you well mark I was at Austin for
South by Southwest oh yeah I saw you on
a picture on stage with Steve yeah yes
Steven I did a thing actually a lot of
those I got a lot of these panels a lot
of them are fun I'll enjoy meeting
people and enjoy talking about eSports
but the the one was Steve I think was
particularly fun because in the like
under normal circumstances so I also did
one with Sam Matthews the founder
phonetic um the next day I think that
was pretty good but I really enjoyed the
one with Steve partly because I got
normally they're just like hey we need
somebody to talk to some people about
monetizing eSports content or about
drafting players or players right
something like that you're the moderator
go this time I got to kind of work with
Steve on coming up with the title and
quite frankly Steve was just sort of
like make it whatever you want he
trusted me and so I it was the trials
and tribulations of running an eSports
team so instead of just being like oh
yes what do you think about the future
of eSports I was able to be like talk to
me about how you started this team and
shortly thereafter doublelift kicked you
off your roster whatever you were a
player on your own team yeah like it was
it was actually really fun we talked
about a whole lot of stuff and like him
sort of going through this process of
trying to make it work and I actually
think it was really cool so shout out to
everybody who showed up I think I really
enjoyed it and shout out to Steve as
well as it was a big highlight for me
but yes house myself this was fun I
really enjoyed it
yeah that's good to hear any
difficulties with the flights you know
travel get sick no it did not get sick
actually everything was fine had a very
I came back Saturday morning the only
downside was I came back Saturday
morning because I had a panel on Friday
and didn't want to fly out super late
Friday night so I flew back at I had a
7:00 a.m. flight out of Austin
so 5:00 a.m. West Coast I took off which
meant I was like up at 3 a.m. West Coast
and then I had LCS interviews to do
Saturday so that was a little exhausting
you know the only complaint I will lodge
about my weekends was one as fun as it
is for games to get for us to have 10
games it sucks to get content because
teams don't want to do interviews when
they have another interview later in the
day and then I I left early because
essentially one manager came up and was
like yeah the players are gonna be done
at like 10 o'clock they're gonna be
exhausted cuz they'll have been here for
10 hours they still have to do like
feature interviews with right afterwards
like it's probably not gonna happen when
I go cable that sucks so I just left
after interviewing nadeshot and then
also I'm curious on your take on this
like fly quest I request an interview
with wildturtle
mm-hmm flight quest to clients huh Jim
get me out of here is that not a good
enough reason
golden Guardians request an interview
with the head of gold Guardians your boy
my boy under leap yeah your boy
interview declined I'm just sort of like
what flight Quest golden Guardians like
you guys need some fans was a good
exposure it's the end of the split you
know and and hunters defense he told me
that if I'd asked for a player he would
give it but like I I don't fight they
just lost in a pretty embarrassing way I
think it's much more interesting to
recap with the person who's been running
it so I don't know I just it's just
morning to me whenever like the thing is
I I like doing those interviews I want
to provide them it's not like those are
make it or break it interviews for my
youtube channel I do it because I don't
want these teams to get more exposure
and so whenever that doesn't happen it's
kind of frustrating yeah especially for
teams that have something to answer for
and maybe they don't want to do it right
now cuz they're like oh well it's all up
in the air blah blah and they'll just
regurgitate that six times so I can
understand maybe not right now but it
still would be nice to be like you know
thoughts on your season now that's over
kind of thing yeah
I don't kill you that was that was the
only issue there I think
shaking up probably hasn't messaged me
yet but as but that was my week I think
why don't we go ahead and do a quick
chat about the sponsor before prolly
comes on the show so we got that out of
the way not that I would ever want to
get them out of the way because guess
what I'll win by H be super awesome love
these guys saw I saw a bunch of the guys
that work on their stuff at South by
Southwest and I cannot Marx half-opened
keyboard you can tell he's been using it
since last week really more progress
well I use their stuff and I've been
using it I brought the computer to side
by Southwest with me he's doing an
unboxing video live across multiple
episodes that's yeah over weeks the week
yes savor it you know you can only unbox
this thing once so I'm gonna do it over
the course of money exactly I appreciate
that
last week you guys saw me open up the
was it something like a 35 inch monitor
curve monitor it's been amazing but
using it for this week played some video
games on it you can see the monster
would look good on it what's it say but
Monster Hunter would look good on it I'm
certain I probably would slay this fire
it looks great on it look great on
anything no but actually that's it's
pretty cool to see how much you can see
when you have like a curved widescreen
monitor you actually there's a link in
that which description if you guys want
to check it I'll put it one in the each
of description too but it used their
computer with me and South by Southwest
look I know you guys have heard me say
this before but it's super cool that the
sponsor is a show they sponsor
everything from overwatch League until
the grassroots shows like this they make
it possible mark has been paid
in the past have I yeah what I beat you
I haven't you invoice me like two weeks
ago
I know I invoiced you I just didn't
bother checking to see if I actually I'm
doing saga if you haven't been paying
attention to this before is that almond
pays me obviously the shows sort of what
I run the show from a business
perspective then I pay Marcus Mike owes
mark and passed up a so she complained
about how he got and had gotten paid by
me when I mentioned that Owen pays both
of us I've now paid him because he
finally got the paperwork in hopefully
by next episode he will have checked his
bank account and realized I think I sent
to you on venmo you know I think I got
an email and I just do I have like a
giant amount of money cuz by the way
they treat as well in here of your venmo
account just waiting for you to I also
do rent on there so I probably have like
a couple thousand dollars in my venmo
okay yeah you probably do because I
think when I sent you money I saw that
Josh had sent you money recently too
yeah all right well well we'll double
check that later but they do make it
possible for Mark and I to do this show
and to do it as a profitable situation
which is very nice of them like I said
it's super cool they sponsor this
they've been in the gaming space for a
couple years now they really value the
competitive community and want to
support eSports they know that it's an
area where there's a ton of people that
are passionate and I just really really
appreciate the fact that you know when I
worked at big media companies it often
times it was like how are we gonna
figure out who to come in and sponsor
this stuff these guys came I talked to
them they talked to me they are fans of
this show they're fans of the work that
I do they I'm sure fans of Mark and his
slow unboxing series over the course of
the hotline League and let me know if
they don't like that by the way if
there's anything I'm doing and they're
like hey we would like you to stop
acting like a jackass with our product
yeah I'm trying to get you off the show
for a while mark just like now how I'm
working with the pronto this is general
they're like he seems like a bigot of
guy he shows up late to the show like it
just can we just get this guy off
show yeah I know all your your bite why
people tune in yeah one thing I like
about them by the way I've leased these
commercials of these ads have gotten
more and more lakhs as time has gone on
in terms not LAX's in the how are we
still in the commercial we value them
yes hours not lakhs and how we value
them but a very you know talking joking
casually it's super nice they've they're
they like it I think they like the show
I mean I know they like the show they
talked about it and so thank you so much
to omen by HP if by the way if you guys
can just do me a big favor
follow them on Twitter all in by HP
that's their Twitter account tweet them
and thanks for supporting the show tell
them that you appreciate it that's
that's super super helpful to us because
it helps them notice that you guys are
watching and let you what you appreciate
their support so thanks so much I'll fit
there their Twitter and the twitch chat
right now and now we move on you move on
it looks like prolly is ready he says
got it bro
hey moved me bro I see him in general
too
okay I moved him in well now his mics
not gonna work and we're about to blow
everyone's ears out yeah well he needs
to unmute I'm gonna go to does he know
about the Skype setup I'm gonna go to a
different does he have a lights ready
I think Gabriel was supposed to help him
with it
hello probably hello welcome welcome
myself
oh shoot you're good your welcoming
yourself to my show yeah I'm proud of
myself for showing up here yeah that's
good I'm proud of you too I'm calling
you right now on oh my god can you when
you answer the Skype call and unmute
yourself on skype hey that looks pretty
good
hello hello can you meet yourself on
skype
yeah I did that yeah what am I saying
yeah I hope you guys heard that what are
you saying I'm here my set shits on
yours I thought you said something about
sexist shit I don't know he said your
set shits on ours just a bit yeah okay I
think he said I like sex listen I crash
your camera what hold on yes you can but
only if you bring me a yellow
vitaminwater also can you is Gabe still
there yeah Gabe's here can he check and
make sure your discord is using your
actual microphone can you check my
discord to make sure it's using the
right microphone barely I can't do that
kind of stuff you know it sounds it
sounds not like a great microphone but
yeah yeah just not be the microphone
yeah or it could just be a bad mic bro
careful sponsors watch this this one is
perfect though yeah but they're just
making fun of my mic quality good it's
not it sounds like it's using something
else I think it's absolutely fine Travis
is just a stickler Oh mark says that
Travis just sucks this game no dick
bring me a yellow environment water when
he gets phone out Travis wants a yellow
vitaminwater / actually he said purple
purples but no yellow yes he can
if he'll yellow yellow yellow hey can
you saying Gabe over here to make my
lights better I think there's a white
balance issue with the yellow cam and I
want I want this like with more red than
orange and then you gotta go help mark
too apparently yeah yeah I think the
white tell him the white balance is off
on my webcam
I need him to hey he's leaving me now
look alright
well and with that
terrible experience probably is on the
show what am i super loud to you for
some reason no no like you're really
quiet but everything else on my computer
super loud so every time I click
something it explodes my ears I'm
looking forward to the pain and agony
that you'll experience throughout this
episode it's gonna be it's gonna be
great gonna be aa really great alright
well welcome to the show probably this
is hotline bling do you know social
works this is the entirety of it
wow it's I like how it works it's
working great
okay I don't know how it works get it
yeah let me know okay mark you want to
explain to him and also to the audience
how it works yeah so the way this works
is we have a discord set up if you guys
want to join it I'm posting it now in
twitch chat spamming it there you're
gonna join that and there's gonna be
audio and text channels you're gonna
need to join one of the general voice
channels general or general - and then
you're gonna put your hot takes in the
general text channel so that way I can
sift through those figure out ones that
we want to talk about I'll pull you into
a waiting room if I pick you we'll go
through a little mic test and then we'll
bring you on to talk about whatever it
is you were talking about so this is a
guest driven show and obviously since
Crowley's on here and hundred thieves
just made a bit of a miracle run to
first probably be allotted talking about
that shit miracle hmm that's what we
needed
well it's yeah so while we're getting
what you know it's so dramatic
what would you call your run if not
miracle explained run fully expected you
expect in the very last minute to win
and I is this big tiebreaker scenario a
good first yeah well it also required
fly quest at beats e9 as well so that
was already re in the works yeah okay
could you describe how it was it the
works no because then people won't work
next time maybe so good I need to keep
it that's my own trade secret you know
but I wish I was coaching me to shut you
up
so prolly you joined we haven't had a
chance to interview I talked to Nate
shot instead of you because he'll get me
more views but there was you joined na
LCS this year and you I seemingly have
performed h2k today's chicky ever
finished first in the regular split yeah
we did it okay
spring 2016 okay either way yeah you
only accomplished it once while you were
over there
you've already done it in your first
split here you feeling pretty good about
the roster you built and your decision
to come over here and all that yeah I'm
ready next year going to Korea and it'll
shoot for 1st and regular season over
there and I can complete the triangle
what about China that would maybe play
too aggressive for me to want to coach
over there like they do too many things
that I'm like why does this work I don't
I just don't understand this yeah i
watch the game where they literally just
fought bottom over and over with no
wards set up and just completely
pretending a jungler didn't exist and
the jungle came every single time yeah
it's like this weird oh no it's a weird
zone where everyone like handshakes like
hey we're just gonna fight and just no
one remember where the jungler is and
don't worry about wording or like
fighting for power spikes like team comp
maybe doesn't matter let's just like you
go here it will match it always so that
kind of styles I don't know if I could
get behind
for real though how important was it for
you to get because you were in a
situation where you guys had basically
secured your Buy and then you had this
this Thai match between you and a crow
Fox match breaking what what type of
match between you and echo fox how
important was it for you guys to get 1st
in your mind alright it kind of just
happens it is really like I don't know
when you go to LCS you just want to be
winning so regardless of what seeding
and it got us like that really wasn't
like a motivating factor is more of like
we're here at LCS and I just don't want
to lose so we just kind of kept playing
a game by game and
you're like sweet roots ends up being
first place but it could have been for
6th place and we would have had like the
exact same approach yeah
mark I've been looking for your tweet
that I can retweet what oh sorry I was I
got distracted I was I was about to do
it right when you told me to ensure the
things that everybody yes I don't need
excuses just results do you have anyone
and I will not perform do you have it
you must think do you have any questions
for probably yourself before we get into
the calls um you know I think a lot of
the colors I've seen and what I would
expect will it will handle a lot of the
questions I have but if not I'll just
bring them up at some point if it feels
close enough to whatever the caller was
talking about okay that sounds good you
know Charlie you did the callers the
chance to shine didn't you mention at
one point in time prolly had said to you
guys that your tier list of hundred four
hundred thieves was was poor did this
happen prolly huh
what at the start of the show you said
something like probably no no I said
some day tweet about today okay about
the tier list and I said it was funny I
assumed it was like mostly good fun I
don't know maybe he hates you and
everyone hates you no that's okay I
don't talk to bad players very much
anymore yeah well on that note well I
think there's probably a reason you
don't talk to them they don't talk to me
very much anymore truth comes out yeah
where's the hundredth house probably
anytime baby all right well before this
gets even more heated let's let's bring
in some callers I do have some some
folks know I'm tweeting now I don't have
time okay it's fine I need to like a
chain of people I need a shout-out so
starting with my PS dizzy 2k11 doctor
man Henry sub says feels good thanks for
featuring me a couple of weeks ago I
made his hungover morning last caress 77
Cletus Bigsby Opie TSM fans
I'm glad to continue supporting a show
as well as paid for marks food Kappa
continue put out great content keep it
going I left probably by the way mark is
so funny
travesty unknown sub Harrison nine five
one zero two seven Eugene Eugene
metalife meta died crypto script hacia
flushed hand Melo jello opt SM fan I
know this list this long I'm waiting
mark normally cuts me off
d-trix 42 ad anagram Russell the muscle
and crow beep-boop says here's some
money to keep the creditors at big
thanks it takes everything I can to keep
those creditors obeying while we're
waiting probably bet behind you
it is yeah is it entice you yeah cuz
that is comfy giant couch behind you
that's my bed oh really you sleep on the
couch alright well I'm sorry Rico suave
is on the show Rico suave if I recall
your cult you're calling from New York
yes yes and you are a twitch soap so
thanks so much for that what did you
what did you want to talk about on the
show today I have two questions for
Farley I guess to start first on task is
you think it's harder to coach an NA or
EU because you know everybody is always
shitting on EU how terrible they are and
then when you go to North America it's
like you can't be successful unless you
have like imports from like Korea or
something yeah I don't know I think it's
just like different strengths like I
think I've talked about at one time the
biggest difference that I've noticed is
na scrims no one will ever forfeit ever
you'll be like 20 kills zero and you'll
play the game out until that team
eventually closes it and you it's like
much more lenient if you like up like 2
or 3 K at 10 minutes which is a pretty
big lead game snore may just end very
quickly or they forfeit that rooms or
yeah in scrims okay so like in terms of
coach
that's kind of like the only thing
that's kind of tricky because those are
both like opposite sides of the spectrum
in terms of how you approach games like
do you play them out or you just
forfeits like there should be more of a
balance other than that everything is
pretty similar really like I guess so
the other difference is the players
really care about mechanics in EU a lot
more where like na teams or this is the
only an 80mm coached but these players
are much more concerned with like how
the games played are like macro stuff as
opposed to like what happened in this
like trade or this 2v2 stuff like that
and I would tune that you would Joey a
little bit better cuz I remember you
being interviewed by terrace about it
was a little hard for you to kind of
like I guess coach 100 Yves is most of
them are already veterans he sounds like
he kind of got used to like training
like fresh new I guess players was it
yeah was it more difficult probably
because he's referencing in the
interview that you did with me like
halfway through the split right before
you guys like started to lose games you
had said like oh yeah training these or
coaching these guys it's a little
different because they've all been
playing for a while and they all have
their own ideas on how things should go
so it's kind of like figuring out how
all these ideas work together which I at
the time I interpret is like okay like
you know aphromoo medias like these guys
all have ryu they all are like I know
how to play this game we need you this
and it was you know kind of a difference
in opinion so I think that's what he's
asking is how hard it is it was it more
difficult coaching under themes because
of the fact that you had a lot of
veterans who all had they're kind of
different different ideas and different
reasons I would say it's not like
completely harder or anything like that
it's just very different like with the
veterans been coaching them it's more of
a like breaking bad habits and when I
approach something new it's a lot easier
because they already have kind of a
better base it's like understand the
game so if I coach I can new players
like they don't have
bad habits a break but also if I want to
coach something new to them like they
don't have any like precedent set of
like how the games played so I'll have
to like start from the very beginning so
it's it's just a give and take it's just
very different and it took me a bit to
kind of figure that out because I'm much
more used to just like going over the
like standard of the play and then going
through it and it being kind of accepted
but these guys had like a much different
like that habit of how they played the
game so I had to kind of like mold from
that as opposed to the mold just from
like like understanding the game do you
you said probably that in na during
scrims teams just played out mark I
remember a couple years ago this wasn't
the case like I heard that teams would
like you get a bad engage at the
beginning and people would be like
alright we make the scram whatever I
don't know you know if this lines up
with when you were coaching but I'm kind
of curious is this this is the first
time I've heard that that mentality has
really changed yeah I would say when I
coached it wasn't so excessively bad
that like you couldn't get through a
screen but there be plenty of games for
like you would fuck up a level one and
those would almost always get like
remade if it was anything like more than
some summoners or a first blood it's
like if you ever like got to man invaded
and you'd all died and lost your buff
and usually like a lot a lot of the
players especially junglers go next
don't play this out in some like early
games you know you FFF at ten because
it's just like this is over so I think
that was pretty I wouldn't say it was
definitely a maybe a little excessive
where's like what you guys got to learn
how to play because these kind of things
might happen there's probably too much
forfeiting but yeah this is the first
that I've read a lot they like now maybe
over corrected no one forfeits I don't
know I mean I think um when I played in
na it was like the way it wasn't you
where I I would definitely remember
playing like level ones like five or six
times in a row oh yeah would go wrong
and they remake it but they wouldn't
change the level one mind you they
literally do the exact same play over
and over again and just like see if
maybe they'd win at this time so CLG in
particular would just like do the same
invade on you yeah I remember it like
see nine with like high in medias yeah
they literally just like run into us
24/7 and we just had to keep remaking
the scrim yeah that's definitely not the
case now so I there's definitely a
balance in this where it's like yeah you
shouldn't just forfeit but there's also
something like if the game is super
twisted you it's probably hard to play
it out correctly yeah Rico you said you
had a second topic you want to talk
about yeah I was actually Kirsten I work
what is your secret to coding it's
definitely has nothing to do with when
you were playing the LCS but like I've
literally followed you when you were
coaching h2k you got like a no offense
of the players a bunch of like nobodies
when they're playing your yarn in Kasane
ryu oh the one day lower looks I think
it was the jungler and like you got them
far like what is it like woody I guess
what's your secret to coaching like
whatever you're doing you're doing great
like you have like a great coaching
record and I honestly believe you're
very very underrated well I guess I
would like to tag on another question do
you agree that those guys were nobodies
well I think we were all nobodies at
that point I think Maria was kind of the
only popular one
like people knew odo from like
challenger because he was like a really
competitive player same thing with like
yarn and stuff but pretty much everyone
that team other than Ryu wasn't really
well-known like expect a and all those
guys were still in the league right yes
compared to like the popularity that you
saw on like fnatic and all that yeah I
mean at that time like I was still like
pretty unknown I mean people knew me in
na because I gave really dumb interviews
with some kid with glasses because he
looks like 45 especially since the beard
and like I can't imagine him anymore
looking thanks wow that's not true I'm
still in my 20s probably what is your
secret
his
Rico's question is oK you've you've
shown that not only can you win with the
team of veterans but you can also win
with sort of a new team of non veterans
you've had a lot of success as a coach
like what is it that you think is
allowing you to have such success
leaving that success yet 100 these like
any first that's awesome but we saw a
long way to go I mean you've had success
further your window of time nine weeks
and I get first like that's that's not a
bad bad record I definitely don't think
there's a big secret or anything like
that but I would say one really
important thing that was kind of a
turning point from when I was a player
to when I became a coach was my like
willingness to be wrong and be like
happy about being wrong like as a player
I was like competing a lot so when I was
wrong I'd always like kind of defend
myself or fight for what I thought but
as a coach it's like really exciting to
be wrong because it's just you're gonna
be learning more and it also opens up
the window where now your players should
be more comfortable admitting they're
wrong because they see you being wrong
all the time so as long as there's a
balance obviously where you're not just
saying stupid things all the time and
being wrong all the time but being
comfortable with like changing your
opinion and kind of when you're in a
discussion looking to understand as
opposed to looking to change their mind
yeah before we move on to the next
caller I'm kind of curious what I
actually don't know this and I assume
because I think a lot of people think of
coaches is kind of one of two right
where you are either like a systems
person and somebody who can kind of help
figure out how to make your players all
talk to each other and leave good
conversations and stuff then you also
have the coaches that are like here's
like the genius way that we're gonna
draft here's how we're gonna like I'll
play the other people here's how I mean
like sub in this person strategically
and and you know upset this thing you
know on that spectrum like where do you
see yourself I'm definitely more towards
like yeah doing the right thing
strategically like we're playing the
right way or drafting the right way
playing the right champions
but like there's no way you can omit
like communication from coaching like
that's that's something that goes into
strategy because like it doesn't matter
if you that's like crazy complex thing
if you don't know how the players need
to talk about it in game so I think
those are like really married to each
other you can't separate like
communication and strategy but I would
say I'm I guess this is kind of it right
like wait what was the whole question
was the other thing it was just
basically yeah you can either and my
mind I think a lot of people
excuse me consider coaching to be there
like systems and like emotional support
and like hey like this is why I know
you're having a tough time right now a
player like here's how you're gonna get
through this or whatever yeah I kind of
think of it as almost like Wheldon verse
like reapered in a way and sometimes
like the difference you know like those
are wildly different people who are
gonna have wildly different effects on
the team but both of them could be
considered a coach on their own right no
yeah I think the emotional support of
coaching is definitely my weakness which
is why I have like meds our performance
coach she's really awesome
um he's he's there because I know like
this is something I don't handle very
well because when it comes to work it's
kind of like I don't know just do your
job and do it better so if something's
like preventing that from happening on
like the emotional side I don't know how
to handle it well because like I just
don't have the exercises or the tools
that like yeah a professional would have
when it comes to like yet dealing with
like stress or like emotions like I can
do things on a very basic level with
that like how it pertains to like
competition but like over a long period
of time like we have to play for like
eight months together there's gonna be a
lot more like emotional issues that like
I'm just not capable of handling so I
definitely need that kind of support
from my coaching staff because that's
yeah I'm not that kind of coach so
speaking about coaching staffs and
coaching a little bit of course oh the
head coach often functions a little bit
like a figurehead for the entirety of
the coaching staff so I understand that
this question isn't all about you but
I'd like to ask
since we don't get much clarity into
coaching like how much of these
struggles that you guys had to overcome
in the middle of a split when you guys
were losing games a fair amount and it
didn't feel like you had a clear play
style like how much of that
problem-solving would you say rested on
the coaching staff versus the players
because I think a lot of people will
look at the kind of turnaround you guys
had and say like wow probably really fix
some fucking problems on this team and
like do you think you deserve a lot of
credit for that I know the the nice PR
thing to say is like yeah the players
did a lot too but like do you think
there were not like other coaches in the
league who could it solved that problem
the way you did and like that kind of
question um well it's not a PR thing to
say the players did a lot because I
actually had to get help from the
players because this is like the the
issues were like yeah pretty hard to
solve and it wasn't like I could be an
outsider and just like fix them because
they weren't yeah they weren't systemic
like dude we just need to you know play
level once better and our team is better
so it wasn't like a really easy
systematic approach it was really like
we had to handle a lot of things at the
same time so I definitely had to ask for
help from the players so I definitely
give them a lot of credit because I had
to ask them to help me out with solving
this kind of issue because it's just
like the whole team kind of thing like
cohesion it is a really hard thing to
solve just by one person and I'm
definitely not a coach that has to do
everything by himself and like control
the whole situation because I want to
win in the end
so getting to that win I'll do whatever
it takes to get there so if that means I
have to ask for help I'm gonna be doing
that
okay thank you so much Rico for calling
in really appreciate it yes thank you
very much yeah probably your lot your
red lights died in your room yeah so
you're not going I am
I know Travis's yeah I'm hearing Travis
a while probably stalking I don't know
if probably hearing that too
hmm I don't hear I'll try to turn it
down
okay I don't know how to use it okay
that's fine no we can spend 15 minutes
you trying to fix that light don't worry
about it it's it now I'm just blue right
mark are we okay you're not medium
colors yeah it sounds better make sure
this thank you I probably feel next
caller if you are if you're good you
want me to go get the next caller okay
we have I think I said already d-trix 42
but just in case not there is rocket
orange which sound who called in before
and by the way he sounds so much like
rocket mortgage we talked about that
before so I like this name already but I
literally got something to cover the
rest of my shift because it's prolly wow
that's probably people are getting
people to cover their shifts just so
they can watch life Cerebus has Risa
pirates
I am the Train Mar 2 5 8 6 and naked
homeless man recept what a great name on
twitch right now if you want to to shed
is you know it's twitch chat is that the
cool thing to do well you'll get
distracted I think twitch a lot
sometimes savages they they don't you'll
just it's always been a pro player
before I think you can handle twitch
chat yeah I just I look at it I feel
like I'm in some post-apocalyptic movie
or something it's kind of like wait
what's the what's the Australian movie
where they're all writing carp Mad Max
that's what twitch chat is we have Nick
Allen on the show the n-bomb Nick hello
Nick Allen were you calling from uh
Arcadia California it's beautiful wait
nice time here nice to have you on the
show what did you want to talk about
yeah so I had I had two questions
okay so prolly this question is for you
as people know that you were once a pro
player playing for such teams as team
Legion
and complexity black if I'm not not
mistaken and so my question my question
is at what point in your career did you
realize that you couldn't cut it as a
pro player and needed to become a
Buddhist oh my gosh
first I hate you
second of all there's really never a
turning point actually and when I
started coaching h2k when they're in
Challenger like a part of me was like I
hope I just go back to playing pro and
it just never happened so I was like
yeah I guess I'll just do this coaching
thing it's working out so there's never
a turning point I'm still waiting for a
team to pick me up so I can play mid
lane again but everyone's sleeping on me
do you think I was any of you the fact
that there's no good coaches but there's
plenty of good mid laners that's
probably a big factor because like yeah
coaches are just like what do they do
we don't know own a shot wants to steal
your shine again he's in twitch chat and
yes how do I call in I still have one
more question for nature he can hit up
the discord and message mark and we can
figure out you know if it can work but
Nick Allen continued so for my second
question so you played when you were a
professional player with such players as
Lauda mortis and I knew bish who I think
most people would not know this is like
at this point it's like six years ago
it's like five years ago
this first LCS season yes so this is a
completely selfish question which is
like do you stay in touch with these
guys do you know what they're up to and
are you looking to make some roster
changes thank you miss LG for a five
year old retired player here's what
they're up to and then sort of spin off
from that question which is like what do
you think all these old players would
think of the ecosystem now which is like
much more sophisticated in advance
so the only one that I still keep in
touch with is I noobish and it's because
we were playing like destiny together it
doesn't need to and by the way that game
really they really fucked that game up
by the way I'm pretty upset about that
actually
I'm waiting for my platform where I can
talk about how upset I am with Bungie
for messing up destiny to wait
cuz that B talks about the chainsmokers
all the time so you're definitely good
to talk about 20 minutes okay so yeah so
I play with him but yep
back in the back from that crew I still
don't talk to anyone else from them and
how they would react to the ecosystem
now or what their opinion of it would be
I don't know it's like completely
different like we kind of screamed back
then but it was never serious and
there's never like a coaching staff and
you prepared pick/ban like as a joke you
know we were just like let's pick this
champion it's good right yeah okay like
there's very little strategy like you
don't research you don't research teams
back then so I don't know back then
there's just like the work you put in
was just like as much as you want it
like you wanted to play so look you
great other than that's like you didn't
do research or prep or like actual
analysis or strategy so it's like we did
like 10% of what we do now back then so
it'd probably be overwhelming maybe kind
of following along with that question I
have a theory that the LCS is
entertainment value started dropping a
lot when Cooper's bloopers was no longer
a thing how much how much do you think
that's like we need just another player
cuz like they had it in the NBA they
have like that javale mcgee shaqtin a
fool thing and sense troopers bloopers I
don't know what we have anymore
huh did Chris actually that really made
him upset oh dude yeah he actually
really didn't like that so we like
teased him about it all the time because
they're really funny like the troopers
bloopers are hilarious like if you
haven't seen we should go look at him
because wasn't there like a guy Lee
throwing the spear in the wrong door
or something they were obviously insane
ly crazy yeah and he's like ports like
it's like literally like flash range of
himself and stuff he just he just did
really funny mechanical mistakes and
he's like such a really like super nice
guy that like teasing him about it like
made it more fun get mad about it or
anything he's too nice so you just you
just want to tease him more about it to
like try to get a rise out of himself
all right if we brought back Cooper's
bloopers on the countdown because I want
I want a fine way to talk about that Poe
belt or teleport that happened in there
Oh see that was like yeah the pobelter
one is like I guess it was pretty bad
it's prime Cooper blooper there's like
oh it's prime it's like the like out of
the TF part one is like I feel like so
simplistic like everyone can see it the
rise all one I feel like some people
like wait why is this bad or like what
could they have done with the like TF
port that super did that's my favorite
troopers bloopers like everyone that
plays the game knows like there's like
no opinions are like anything you can't
defend it so good the also hit streak in
the chat a little bit ago said he wanted
to talk to hear well Alissa's gets this
mark Arison so Nick is sending us down
memory lane about complexity black and
their favorite game Infinite Crisis
great if it crisis great game hey I
still have the MVP from e3 when I played
over there was that the best you've ever
been at a game was that your High
Commission she has someone was like I'm
gonna be feels like me I'm so excited
so is this night to say that you realize
you should move to coach egged League of
Legends when you're you were getting MVP
for if it's like Infinite Crisis made
probably who he is as a coach it's like
the sobering moment where he's like I
need to do something better with my no
there was no moment in my life where I
was like I'm bad at this game I still
don't believe that you know so with
nothing ever woke me up
can you tell me a little bit about how
your time and Infinite Crisis was like
the the crucial thing in getting first
place yesterday in the NA LCS leading
the team this would be a hard thing go
out you're trying to figure out how to
explain it so over there during that
time we actually okay let's see we spent
time figuring out the game mechanics of
a brand new game so we got better at
critically thinking and solving issues
so that led us to succeeding this split
with those critical thinking skills we
developed just got this got too serious
for me that's like obscure I can you you
can say that about anything though it's
like man I took L algebra and yeah in
high school and that really gave me the
skills I needed Nick do you have any
other questions for probably no that was
it for me think so only if you have any
questions for Nick it's a great show
yeah why don't why don't you like ever
say hi to me anymore bro we were never
friends
that's I'm gonna go okay thank you so
much oh he's gone okay
thank you so much Nick Allen for your
question or he's adding insight and
intrigue to the show yeah as we move on
we got soaring beef who's resold for
three months Ferdie IRL subbed KW salt
so I said nadeshot my boy also thanks
for making all the content Travis H I
was in the chat he could come on one is
he is he I don't know he said then he
said that he was gonna go take care of
his dad so I don't know dirty skis I
think he was just looking for that rush
that he gets from twitch at responding
to his name dirty session he was coming
to steal the shine yeah from prolly yeah
that guy dirty skis has recept and PD
boy has sub just now thank you in 30
skis so much to all of our subs we might
actually hit for her at 411 sub points
we actually
450 which is the the highest I've ever
gone next up on the show we got ice who
is calling an ice where you calling from
I'm calling in from Denver Colorado
Denver nice sunshine state that's not
ice what do you want to talk about on
the show um I wanted to talk about how I
don't think a hundred thieves are gonna
make the finals okay first of all I
think Team Liquid is gonna beat cloud
nine in quarterfinals and I think TL has
a really good matchup against 100
thieves in the bot lane I think they're
mechanically better I know a firm is a
very good shot caller but I think
they're mechanically better so I think
Team Liquid will have an easy time
playing through the bottom line against
them and I also would like to point out
that Team Liquid is the only team who
beat 100 thieves since week six I think
it was when they started their upswing
okay so basically your argument is like
Team Liquid is gonna out class hundred
thieves and they've shown that they can
do it already
yeah okay probably what do you think my
mark is muted himself he's just ready to
sit people ask mark about hundreds yeah
they're trashed in here yeah I see your
segments on the state from analyst desk
I don't think you do okay maybe I don't
see I don't remember the good stuff I
just rumors about stuff did you guys - I
said you should beat echo fox but i need
to pick an upset so I picked echo fox
but I thought 100 pieces better and then
I think you guys in tie breakers I
needed to breakers switch right there
yeah jumping ahead I was behind poison
jet and I tried to catch up by just
picking bad like potential upsets
I just inted and I fell four games
behind suggesting one game behind
all right so probably we got mark and
ice who are both against you here so
this is hypothetically we played TL yeah
and they're gonna be our downfall for we
came well yeah so first up do you Holly
let's just before we get another good
stuff do you think cloud 9 is gonna lose
to TL I don't think so ok
I can I can explain that if you want me
to as well sure I think I mean obviously
cloud 9 has not looked great these past
few weeks and I don't think they're
gonna do well just because they haven't
done well since they stopped playing
through top lane with smoothie and
licorice and I don't know I just think
they're playing well they might surprise
me but they've looked pretty bad no yeah
I'll sit c9 right now if they had to
play like this based on these last
couple weeks TL would be winning I think
what they've shown is like yeah I think
they'll pick it up for playoffs for sure
like I think Tina's gonna be still
really good no matter what and I'm sure
he'll go to five games but I think like
c9 holistically is like has stronger
like cohesion I guess in TL like seals
play style I think works best in a best
one yeah maybe
okay so let's just say that there's a
world here where Team Liquid does get
past cloud nine cloud and I can't figure
it out Team Liquid has beaten you
already so how how why will you guys
beat them in playoffs well let's go
through the last game we played I can't
remember the first game we beat CL no
it's like we three and you just shit on
their bot lane okay so they're balling
died okay yeah cuz yeah I don't remember
how much stock I'd put into that first
game beating them because it's like so
long ago but when they beat us when we
rematch them like we lost the game in
like eight minutes
like we just they super Outland us
destroyed
super-early traps wasn't the best so
that game was like really hard to tell
like how we actually match up against
them because it was just over so quickly
just sheerly through laning phase and I
think in playoffs a lot of teams lose
their like aggressive or the game at
least at the beginning of playoffs so we
will play them before we actually would
go to Miami and I don't think they'll be
in a spot where they're playing like yep
balls to the wall super aggressive lanes
which is like yet the one way they beat
us that game so I don't think there's
enough like and then the pistol ones are
just not enough like scenarios where you
see us like test each other to the
limits with like skirmishes or like
macro fights or anything like that is
really like one game we smash them one
game they smash to us like it's really
hard to see how we'll play on stage but
I don't think the way they play will be
like so monumental that they'll beat us
in eight minutes like they did in the
regular season okay
I definitely think that tail will lose
if they put impact on not a tank but I
still think that the player carries mark
can talk about it but I don't think he's
that stellar from what we've seen I mean
they try to do it a little bit right
around right before 8.4 hit and they
tried to play to their topside and they
just never did anything with it they
like killed Hui three times once and
then just lost mid and bought and then
lost the game every time just feel like
they probably is like writing down a
mental note of like I can't get impact I
don't think I would hope not
yes take advice for me I'm golden so
look you I mean you pick some more
Darius that shit was awesome yeah okay
so if if they beat Team Liquid who do
you think that they will face next TSM
and finals I mean I I can't see TSM
losing too
clutch or echo Fox at this point okay
can you and you can't apparently you
can't see TS I'm losing 200 thieves no I
own it I don't want to say that I think
TSM is gonna win but I think TSM is
gonna win okay so you would rather see
100 thieves win yeah what okay so he's
giving you that probably he wants or we
beat TL and then he'll yes yes okay so
how will you beat yes and if you face
them in the finals wait what was that
sorry
so I'm asking probably how will he be
TSM if hundred these faces them in the
finals because if he they beat Team
Liquid you think they're gonna go up
against yourself wait how are we going
to yes yes I don't know we're not
playing them right now bro okay well his
put his position team was a u.s. five do
you think you're gonna be like better
informed or something all I'm saying is
he's suggesting well well let's put it
this way why do you think TSM is going
to beat 100 thieves ice they've looked
really solid I mean they might I think
you might be able to ban out spenny's
looked fairly won tricky on the Ezreal
these past few weeks but they just have
been improving so much and it looks like
Mike Young is really matching up well
with his team now and Ferguson's
obviously been popping off but I don't
know but I haven't looked too much at
that matchup caught me by surprise but I
just hadn't really looked really good
the past few weeks yeah I mean the
reason I ask is because if you are if
you're willing to say that they are they
they can't win I'm just curious you the
explanations you just think they're
gonna get stopped by team liquid but
it's worth kind of going through the
Hoover gambit yeah yeah if we did play
Team Liquid are we getting three owed or
is it gonna be like no no I think it'll
be a 3-2 I think it'll be close oh
that's nice
very good well say one last question for
you the head of video 400 thieves wants
to know if you go by the name Williams
no I don't
okay
cuz he was saying he thought he knew who
you were or that he recognized you so
I'm just wanted to ask either way
anything anything lat like leftover that
you would say here nice I just I just
want to say I'm flying into LA for
quarterfinals so I'm super excited and
maybe I'll see some of you guys around
high marks gonna hide okay yeah so mark
I know it's hard to catch the casters
cuz after the broadcast ends we have
like story meetings that we do for like
another hour so late alright thanks so
much for coming on thanks for having me
yeah all right by the way at some point
in time there was so at the beginning of
the split I think even before summer it
displayed happened somebody said that
they thought that 100 thieves will win
or we end up in first place then they
said that they wanted to be on the show
and I would let them on the show mark
and I could could definitely let him on
the show I just need to remember what
their discord name is so they should say
something we were getting our next
caller and right now and that callers
strive but instead of an eye they have a
one hello small fuckin gamer from Fort
Myers Florida from Florida ok we're in
Florida Fort Myers
my car's north of Miami ok are you gonna
go to finals I tried to get a ticket
they sold out immediately so
unfortunately no unless I can get a
scalper ticket yeah we should go to a
live hotline League event absolutely
would all 17 episodes been listening
since September of last year yes awesome
thank you thank you
yeah I we're we're still working on that
so hopefully it ends up happening but if
it if it's probably gonna happen the
Friday night before if it does so things
are moving along though but hey Joe
mister can I start lying about a cover
charge to make some more money no cover
charge right now ah $20 cover charge
well the problem is it might rain and
we're looking at outdoor venues because
there's acts
venues and I feel bad about people
paying cover charges well we'll give
them a pot job I'll buy a hundred trash
bags from CVS and we'll just hand drive
what is it that you would like to talk
about hotline League tonight basically
it was just gonna say echo Fox not
looking to great going into playoffs and
I believe that them substituting out
their mid and support player is
definitely a bad sign for them heading
in and don't think that they're gonna
look too too great in playoffs I think
they played very aggressive all season
but they're not gonna bear very well
against the adem ik teams and just you
know normal play style so as I always do
I'm gonna pimp one of my interviews here
so I just posted an interview with an
arrow who's a frequent hotline league
watcher the coach of echo fox so he his
argument was that he was not subbing in
players because the other guys were bad
or like they're trying to figure it out
it was that he's trying to let those
like they feel pretty confident that
they were gonna get first or second and
if they're gonna get a first round by
there okay giving a couple players a
break giving the Academy team some love
and attention and bringing up a couple
players there and sort of experimenting
with that and seeing how it goes
so I don't know if you believe that or
not but if you do then it's not like
they're subbing in because they feel
like they're floundering it's it's I
really don't because on Saturday I mean
they still had an opportunity to not be
in the first year second seed I believe
so them kind of subbing in and correct
me if I'm wrong but them subbing in on
Saturday just kind of seemed a little
bit worrisome for echo Fox because I
mean they really didn't have it locked
at that point and then I mean the
players look good don't get me wrong
they won their game they want it but
still it's didn't didn't look too great
and I don't really think that that's a
good selling point for them I mean it's
just a very PR response from the head
coach obviously he's got an answer like
that but well I would suggest by the way
I'm paraphrasing it so I'm probably not
doing it was good no no I I agree and
the
you can check it out I will I'm
subscribed I watch at all of your videos
thank you
well apparently not that one before you
called it my point is that's why watches
the double whipped one I will agree with
strive about like I'm not sure how much
I buy it because like okay if you're
trying to like de-stress and stuff like
that a little bit you can always just
get that by like he was saying and also
they had Adrian play in their academy
games this wasn't like take the week off
relax
they made him play games that kind of
mattered I mean the the echo Fox's
Academy team wasn't guaranteed for
playoffs and they had to win both games
I think to guarantee themselves to get
playoff so it did feel very much like
there were still a lot to play for and
they were still using Adrian a little
bit there they used in Monta an Academy
not Phoenix so maybe he was more on the
stress side I'm not exactly sure but it
did it I kind of see what strive saying
where it's like it didn't quite line up
yeah well it's brought me something so
good bro so one thing that I was
thinking like cuz I was really surprised
actually that they kept with their subs
even when they played against us but I
think if if like West lost to c9 like
which is pretty expected you'd think c9
could beat fly quest there would have
been a three-way tie breaker for first
between us c9 echo fox and echo fox
would automatically win that based on
like the rules so them beating us or
losing to us wouldn't have actually had
an impact basically depends like c95
quest game or the fly quest echo fox can
that happened so I think if things were
more normal
like first place wasn't really in our
hands like if my quest beat echo fox or
beat c9 we had a chance for first but
without that happening we actually would
have just played the tiebreaker for
seconds and echo fox would have just sat
at first so I think they assumed that
these games would go you know as
predicted and regardless of how they won
or lost this weekend it wouldn't impact
they got first seed or not okay so it
was a pretty good chance then yeah it
was still pretty likely that they would
get the buy but like I said you're also
still having some of your players play
in Academy so I don't it doesn't seem
like they're giving him that much time
off so maybe it's a foolish to do this
but I'm gonna do it anyway because it's
you know high role in the show
I'd like to broaden the conversation out
not just from echo fox but to cloud nine
because these guys were consistently
number one and number two
throughout the split the entire time up
until like just right at the end the
tiebreaker was the first time that they
were not in the number one in two
positions oh yeah yeah which is crazy
it's crazy I mean it really hones in how
crazy 103 story is but I'm kind of
curious like from probably and mark like
what what is there a common link between
both these teams were they was it like
the top carry play style got nerve okay
so yeah can you could you just talk
about it without the way c9 played for
the first five six weeks was that they
exclusively gave him counter pick or set
up situations where he would get a
winning match up like blinding Norwood
GP up against the GP player so they
would set up situations that they would
get a winning match of for licorice and
then they would play pretty heavily
around him and they were good at that
they're really really good at that and
then tanks became more prominent they
became more than just Oran that people
were willing to play in the top lane as
a tank because that was basically all
they had Sian
rose to relevancy cho'gath came back a
little bit people will still play maokai
or some other shit up there if they want
trundle is like what has become the
counter pick to tanks now so before it
was like Camille gnar GP everyone just
played this GP meta game basically so
that was something that both those teams
did a lot of c9 would leave up GP so
it's a good counter pick and then smash
it and then echo fox was just blind GP
whenever they coded do something else
and then they couldn't play that way and
I think other people started to key into
how
playing as well as like their preferred
playstyle got nerfed on 8.4 so I think
that's my read on what happened I don't
know if prolly was paying very close
attention to other I know sometimes you
kind of get like tunneled on your team
how can I not watch other teams on
competing I'm just saying like I did
some probably do you know what's going
on at LCS hold on
sometimes I know players and coaches are
not super familiar with like the
standings of teams and like the
storylines teams there'll be plenty of
where what they're doing in game but
like you might not know that echo Fox
and c9 both went from eight and one and
eight one the first half the split to 4
& 5 & 3 & 6 you know like that part
people sometimes miss out on I mean oh
yeah the standings part is like yeah I
actually don't know the numbers but when
it comes to like picks or play style
changing like hell yeah I'm gonna notice
that
yeah I've been playing against this team
and like preparing against them so I
mean I think that is definitely a big
factor to it surprisingly though like I
think sneaking smoothly I've been
playing a lot worse I think I hold them
to a lot higher standards and when
they're like they're just making like
mechanical errors or sort of like miss
positioning like they shouldn't be doing
that I think they kind of know these
mistakes are happening and that's some
of the reasons why I think c9 will be
fine is like that problem I think will
fix itself and then playing topside all
year like now that's not a huge change
for a team I think I think you could
learn that okay what about echo fox cuz
that's how this sort of happened similar
thing they're bottling start getting
blasted seemed like people just started
camping their bot lane so actually
pretty parallel like they're balling
started playing a lot worse and then the
top may have changed a bit so I would
say those are definitely the two biggest
factors there yeah all tech was a first
rotate not first rotation but in the
first phase of picks always taking
Kalista which didn't really have many
losing matchups before 8.4 and then she
got nervous so they couldn't do that
anymore and then they just never found
another pick they were stable on so the
question was will echo fox come back
because excuse me
strive I think that that was kind of
your question right as like your
prediction was that echo fox is gonna
just sort of bust her out yeah I I feel
like they're uh they're floundering
right here at the end it's not looking
too good for them and yeah they could
look better heading into the into the
playoffs yeah so it will accuracy so
probably things cloud nine will recover
mark do you think cloud nine will
recover who they have in the first round
against TL yeah I don't know okay I
think I don't think they'll look as bad
as they have in the last couple weeks
but I don't know if they're gonna those
two teams should feel pretty close to me
good and then echo fox which is stripes
prediction do you guys think that echo
fox will recover I have a lot less faith
in echo fox to recover because all tech
plus adrian slash whatever haven't been
to the finals a million times and
represented an a in the world stage and
they don't have like a pedigree of doing
well in best of fives that you know a
lot of see knives players have probably
I don't know cuz I don't I still don't
know the reasons for this sub substitute
reasons either like they're doing it
because they want extra time for the
players to relax or like I just don't
know the real reasons so will they use
these players for playoffs or not or are
there like other issues ik I just I
don't know what their problems are cuz
it doesn't look like it's straight up
like just strategically you can see it
on the field the way like I can see like
C nines problems so that's why I think
like c9 is easier for me to like I guess
see improving the echo fox like I just
don't know what's going wrong for them
yeah so I can't yeah say flatly strive
thank you so much I hope that covers
your your thoughts yeah yeah thank you
thank you guys and thank you oh man by
HB we're sponsoring Travis and keeping
this content rolling so we please clip
it please clip it later
I can slink it that be I really thank
you strive so really quickly probably
can you look a little to your left
yeah okay a little bit more to your
right okay yep no no back it again okay
right there's fries I just want to show
everybody something
wait where's it hang on hand push it to
life
there we go I just feel like this is
that's me yeah I mean it's I just kind
of ivory of the valve guy from back in
the day we just need a valve in your eye
of the lighting and everything I know
yeah exactly it's perfect similar what
it's I think it's just the nose the
pointy nose yeah I don't know I mean
even the facial hair look at the facial
hair see he has like a pencil thin one
you were to cosplay him that if you just
go run into a sprinkler system a faucet
yeah all right who we got we got the
duck and all capital letters of the duck
is on the show where he calling my yell
his name with a it has been full file
picture is a duck and that's that Zito
so okay your do you say you have the
best mic okay okay you're a little quiet
that's I think I think maybe were okay
what what did you want to talk about I
wanted to talk about how a hundred
thousand gsm-only look relatively good
compared to the rest of the league
because it's just bad okay okay so you
want to talk about how an ALCS sucks no
III oh well yes I think EU LCS kind of
sucks to but it's like sucks well it's
kind of like with the season change and
you know the new franchise coming in
everyone sort of went back to like
playing like a dance soloqueue instead
of playing like games and trying to
actually push the game and you know push
up mid so that way you can get some
pressure on the jungle or take cancer
you do anything basically they all just
kind of sat around waiting for other
people to make mistakes and that's kind
of what the play style is for half the
split and I feel like hundred thieves
yes I'm we're the first teams to
remember oh yeah we can actually play
the game proactively and do things
amazing thoughts mark prolly probably
it's a you don't like how earlier in the
split teams are playing like too slow or
too passive oh it's not even like too
slow or too passive it was like they
didn't do anything
I'm blessed of course the other teams
they were waiting for the other team to
drop the ball and it's still happening
to a certain degree I mean even when TSM
was playing clutch gaming like for some
reason Apollo just walks to the side and
gets killed for first blood early in the
game on Caitlyn who you should never die
as and lane fat early ever and they just
make weird mistakes so you have Team
Liquid Poe both they're not full xmithie
going oh I'm gonna take the dragon when
it was like a Mountain Drake and it
didn't really matter and just kind of
throwing away another kill on top of
losing the objective or you saw people
doing stupid things and then teams take
advantage of it
and I feel like TSM and hunt of thieves
were the first teams that are actually
saying we can actually force teams to
make some amount of errors or we can
kind of look at what they're trying to
do and do something because of it I mean
I think that's a really common theme
with newer teams for sure because I
think everyone is in a way scared of
like ruining the game for their team so
no one wants to be like push themselves
on that like I'm gonna solo play solo
carry this game and what happens is like
you will get these stalemated teams
where like one team is not aggressive
then the other team is like cool let's
just farm and that's how the game will
be until someone makes a mistake
I think eyes like teams get better they
get more comfortable with like hey we're
gonna just we're gonna try to make the
first move because like we can do this
and this or some
they won't expect it I think that's just
like a more advanced thing that more
teams will get used to as they become
more familiar with each other I think
yeah when you play the five brand new
players like no one wants to make that
big play on stage by themselves like
they want to wait until the group as a
team and then decide we're gonna go
teamfight now how does that go as
opposed like I'm just gonna do this push
and invade that we've never practiced
and hope it goes goes well I think that
just yet jitter is on stage when like
teams are forming yeah I think so too
combined with like it seemed like we
were in a pretty slow meta like Korean
games would have like three kills and
fifty minutes or some shit so like
definitely felt like more it wasn't just
an NA thing in terms of people playing
slow and reserved and I don't think it
was like people remembered how to play I
think some teams just started figuring
out their groove and like how they want
to play the game as five players you
know it's not like they they just forgot
or something
well did oh yeah I forgot about yet the
relic shield balling thing made the game
so bad and if you were a team trying to
do something you would like really fuck
yourself if you tried to be the first
one making a play botlane against relic
shield because they would always sustain
it and if you're the first one making
the play you would have to overextend
for the kill like you couldn't just you
know like I'm gonna one-shot the ad
carry and like walk away like you
literally have to fight them in lane and
then push them all the way the tower
because oh someone are so gonna be up
they're gonna be full HP and then like
half died of them and hope it works out
so like it gets to six minutes you're
like hey guys let's make a play to burn
their stopwatch that was actually like a
strategy was you would have to play the
game your first play wouldn't work the
whole purpose of it is to burn stop
watch and then you come back and do
something again because the game was
like it's just if you go all-in on a
play I can stop watch you're gonna just
die so you literally had to have like a
two step process for one kill cook burn
stop watch come back and hopefully you
kill them and this is hopefully they
don't have cleanse or flash also so
that's like there
so many things preventing aggression
earlier in the season that like I still
remember thinking like shit if top laner
has stopwatch
yeah just like don't go top because
you're gonna have to gank it like two or
three times for her to actually result
in a gold lead or experience lead or
something so I'm not sure I'd be with to
talk about like teams figuring things
out but how do you feel about the
overall strength of na right now I mean
obviously it's always hard to compare
seasons with the differences in the
games and stuff like that but do you
feel like we're on track to go on to MSI
whoever's gonna represent us do you
think they'll do all right
because wasn't I mean I think they
talked about this on the dive I think
Jett said something about how
franchising made the best teams in North
America weaker with and with that being
the case like that philosophy it
probably means bad things for us heading
into MSI prolly Oh ask me yeah I think
what Mark asked you how do you feel
about the overall strength of na and I
was saying yes because people are
suggesting that the best teams are
weaker I've always had a really like I
guess incorrect view like when I was in
you like every year I'm like oh man you
look so strong and it looks like trash
and then you know things happen like MSI
last year so I feel the same way now
that like I prepare against all the na
teams and I don't have to there's no
sense of urgency when I study you it's
pretty much like when I watching you
when they make mistakes I just like haha
but in na if I see a team make a mistake
I need to figure out like why are they
making it like what do they not know
like so it's more like I'll spend time
figuring out like the strengths and
weaknesses of na teams but I won't do
that for you team so you mean he said he
said MSI happened he did you mean rift
rivals that you I was like you guys beat
us at my side yeah
no rebels one where I was like oh like
we're doing great it's good but uh I
mean that was a big thing I think um
about rift rose last year was I felt
like in a team's like did some kind of
operation like they'd like good pick ban
and like their place I was getting its
you but all the EU teams I feel like
didn't do any research on na so like
they got like na got all their best pics
and they just played really poorly
against na teams so hopefully this year
I'll still be on the you know I'll be on
the winning side of na doing well but I
think I think that na scene is good
right now but it's really hard to say
with best of ones like seeing the
strength of a team is super hard because
sometimes they just win early game and
that games pretty much over they can
snowball it um so I think the adaptation
that happens in best of series we have
no clue how anyone adapts right now so
judging how it teams playing best of
fives I think it's hard right now so
judging how they've played best of fives
and internationally I think is like yeah
you're just kind of shot in a dark you
can't control you won so that I
misinterpreted jat statement that has
actually said it made the best team
worse but it made the best teams better
so sorry if I missed interpreted that I
didn't go back and yeah I forget I
talked to him about that I think it was
like the idea that people can afford to
pay more money on on lower teams now and
offer more stuff you have to worry about
going to get relegated or something so
they wouldn't be surprised if the NA LCS
holistically has improved but that that
strength to spread out across a bunch of
different teams now and thus our
strongest team might be weaker which
would be unlucky given MSI only less
assistant what him and he is saying
other than like a TSM who should have
not gotten weaker other teams might have
like CLG kind of blew up and a couple of
teams I'm not convinced that TSM didn't
get weaker but we'll see
we shall the duck does that answer your
question I mean kind of I still think
teams don't identify how they win the
game very well or how the opponent team
is going to win the game very well for
the most part but it a lot of the
explanations made sense
yeah well I appreciate the call on it
thank you so much thanks all right we
got about four more callers to get
through and mark is gonna go grab the
next one well I give a shout out to some
great people and these great people
they're better people than most people
on the planet thorne seven one nine has
reset four months hey Travis and daddy
Marc have a good show
Sim Sim Asst 104 subbed nadeshot sub
Thank You nadeshot
that wasn't even a gifted one that was
just neat shot subbing Jenny stop like
30 minutes ago yeah well I you you bring
the people and very quickly and then I
also have the probably bringing mine
quickly probably wants to pee but I have
already brought the next caller oh do we
do we give them a pee break
yeah I'll finish these out and anyone
this full-time go yes we'll be right
with you stripes are stable flag has
reserved between the awesome content you
pump out and show me fan Ron Jenkins
stream you guys are the best fan around
Jenkins he's got a great great stream
striped who is currently muted in the
channel but is waiting his moment for
probably to return from peeing subs so
thank you to stripe
spark --mess primetime sub our X dealer
89 magma buyer surrett asthma dive 510
says every substance at Wu and then mg
is coal coming in with the bits miles
for days reserved and says I need more
Kelvin my life and Carl Fredricksen
subbed how are you doing twitch at
twitch that I just want to say I make
fun of you a lot but you guys are you
know you're in a lot of ways the
lifeblood of the show and we have a
contentious relationship but it wouldn't
be the same without you so you know much
like certain members of my family that I
might have ideological differences and
different political differences and
might make sure that they don't see
certain facebook status updates or
photography I press mittens you guys are
great and I couldn't move on without you
not failing Travis cuz I wasn't helping
at all no you were not
[Music]
hello how are you stripes would you like
to play a game
how are you striped would you what would
you wear he called from everybody I'm
doing pretty well help everyone else is
having awesome night I'm coming from
Santa Barbara California Santa Barbara
not too far from here what did you want
to talk about it pretty much comes down
to echo fox is the worst team in
playoffs and it all comes down to Cooney
being the most overrated player in na
all right if you want me to dive into it
go for it echo fox is three and six in
the last nine games with wins over us
slumping TL optic gaming and fly quest
Cooney specifically has one of the
highest death ratio z' in the leak a
semi-decent kill ratio an assist ratio
but that's because they play a scrappy
just fight constantly style and he has
probably the truest builds i've ever
seen in my entire life so with that said
I could go game through game but the
gnar with blade of the ruined King
trundle feeding with ravenous Hydra when
they're losing in teamfights and he
doesn't have a Titanic
those aren't oh no probably feels do you
think those are troll builds um I think
things like sterics
on gnar this troll because it's a melee
only item and I think vork is not great
on art I know it's like a Korean thing
where you do like bork PE on art and you
split push I don't think it's great I
don't think it's troll I just don't like
it and I think you have to play towards
that so I think when we played against
echo Fox for example who needed this
yeah Bork build on gnar and he came to
teamfight that's like that I think that
is more troll as like an idea like if
you build bork sure you can do that just
you have to play correctly around it and
you can't make as many mistakes because
yeah if you get into a teamfight you're
a lot weaker so if you play towards
where your
building I think it can be okay as long
as you're not building like man items on
resources champions I think everything
can be rationalized maybe not like
optimized but I think it's okay if you
play correctly with it I I will say it
is very funny because I know it makes
sense but we never echo Fox is number
one and they are destroying everyone
everyone that calls it is like I want to
talk about how echo fox is the best team
ever and who needs like the best player
in the world and like reignover was
carried by honey etc in a moment echo
fox starts to show weakness people are
like echo fox fuckin sucks huni's
overrated as floor so I hate when read
it does this kind of thing with looking
like different opinions that go to
different people with different I hate
when read it says that shit but like
people like striped can't call hooning
out for being overrated when they're
eight and one so he's got to wait till
they come back down it's a reality and
then he can pounce I mean when striped
doesn't have a youtube channel that he's
afraid of dislikes on his videos he
doesn't have any striped where were you
the silent people who just don't comment
just upload a down vote based off what
makes sense to them and the most recent
thing those people are what gets on the
show I'm not gonna hang up on him if he
calls those you think why didn't
distract Colin before us yeah yeah
exactly striped where was this courage
week for week five well this isn't a
point in time where I could have said
they're the worst team in playoffs cuz
they'll actually looked like the best
team in the league up until halfway
through the season but did you worry
about the honey overrated point I think
has been a thing forever I mean he was
overrated on SKT I mean he was subbed
out for a terrible top laner named
antara I I just have never been that
fond of him he was terrible when he was
on immortals can you define terrible for
me he's not terrible almost everyone in
na
he's like top three or four but he's
definitely not MVP caliber as he's been
touted at least okay so let's try by the
way thank you for your sub to the twitch
channel really it's really nice to do we
can we can debate the the hyperboles and
stuff but who needs overrated prolly do
you agree because a lot of people were
kind of saying MVP candidate lock this
guy in then they started struggling now
other people are saying other people
potential MVP candidates but um I can't
comment on to over hives because I don't
really listen to that kind of stuff so I
have no clue what level of hype he was
getting I definitely agree he's not MVP
of the season or anything like that I
definitely would never say like yeah
he's bad or terrible or even close to
average his place I was really unique
and if you study them or play against
them like you will feel that he's an
extremely high pressure top laner and
that's pretty rare even when he's like
0-3 he's still pressuring the map when a
lot of top laners would crumble and
they're like okay I'm gonna let my team
do stuff this guy like actually
consistently just like throws his body
at your team and I your minion waves and
you have to like deal with it no matter
what so I definitely think he's a really
strong player like he's a definitely a
force to be reckoned with
I think his biggest weakness is that's
all he kind of can do if you need him to
fit into your team I don't think he's a
kind of person to do that but if you
want to make a team around hooni I think
he would definitely be a player to do
that so I would rate him pretty highly
but I wouldn't put him in VP because
yeah he i think only does one thing he
does that one think well but only doing
one thing i think is like you can't be
an MVP that way i think this kind of
goes into haunts ER and someday and
those players can play that aggressive
like in-your-face style but they also
have that ability to be flexible and
move and I think that's his probably his
biggest takeaway so probably was saying
it's you know he can't do a lot at least
like
from what we've seen this season so how
about how will we talk about someday for
a second since we have probably the
coach of some day on week five or six is
when those power rankings came out and
we had honey unanimously number one and
we had some day like seven eight nine do
you feel like there was any credibility
to the the low-ranking of some day
because it was based off performance
only not like any sort of history just
through the first six weeks do you feel
like some day was struggling or do you
think it was just people horribly off
about Sunday there was definitely a time
the split where he was struggling and we
were working on that can't remember win
but it definitely wasn't like a six week
long thing well so that was a that
rating would have been right when you
guys cuz I was at the end of week five
that you guys lost co2 and this one you
owe to it against the bad teams that was
like Leslie the lowest point of your
season and the next week before the
games is when that ranking came out I
think that was what happened then it was
like right uh he was like playing nor a
lot I think and stuff I don't know yeah
probably when he played in our lot um I
definitely think it took us a long time
to like use him on the team properly I
think partially was like the meta I
think tin favored him at all or playing
towards topside that well like I just
didn't like it very much
and I definitely yeah I would say he's
still even right now he's not as good as
he can be he's he's gonna improve a lot
more than he is showing right now so I
don't know with him I'm like you can
rate him as low as you want because like
he's still climbing a lot
I got a when he went he didn't combo the
chill gap stuff right with the skarner
did you did you sigh a little bit no I'm
not mad about that like cuz I know you
that's like I can see how their brains
are thinking and how they talk about it
and yeah everything is solved on that
kind of front like how they talk and
then the way they're thinking and it's
literally like pressing the buttons at
the right time
yeah that's normally never an issue for
him so the fact that it happened was
just like I'm glad you're making
mistakes like this so I can like harass
him about it later but it's like yeah
it's not like a deep-seated one where
it's like he's like I'm gonna you know
what stalking and they don't know when
the combo see see it's just like yeah
those kills will happen we just need to
be practicing that more okay going into
the weekend how did you feel about the
matchup with her knee um I was less
concerned about who knee and more
concerned about mid and supports because
I knew nothing about them I have not
been following the Challenger scene
other one like my own team other than
like hundred things I'm not studying the
other you're not watching the broadcast
I'm watching it for my team that's it
anyway so I had to go back and look up
these players and like kind of see how
their place else was and it was it's
really hard to determine like the
Challenger like the Challenger teams
play styles when they're gonna be up
against like LCS pros because you're
kind of playing like it's a different
caliber of people and that can really
like dramatically change how you play so
that was like the biggest concern going
into the echo fox was like i don't know
how their ball is gonna play and I don't
know how their mitts gonna play now when
before I can kind of predict how I'll
tech Adrian will play and how Phoenix
will play so when we played against them
like who knee was like a lot lower on my
tier list for what I need to figure out
and I kind of like like oh shit I need
to I need to figure out what these two
new players are gonna bring to the team
I hate to cut off this discussion but we
do have three more people to get through
and we're nearing the cutoff point of
the show so thank you so much striped
and no offense for teasing you at the
beginning I do really
appreciate you brought up a really good
conversation Oh Travis I love you well
thank you shout out open by HP hey
there's another one thank you so much
alright we got three more people to go
and no new subs so I just get to hang
out here with prolly how's it going hi
I'm here with you 100 thieves biggest
antagonist yeah no Michael Marcus yeah
actually it was funniest we didn't talk
about hundred thieves at all on the
previous show and people gave us a lot
of crap because there's so much other
stuff to talk about you guys could just
kind of had like a standard week and
then also because I'd been requesting
interviews with nature and he'd been
busy and so I couldn't do the interview
until then there's this one guy on my
youtube channel that kept on every video
would say still not a hundred t
interview where's the next hundred TV
interview hi I see interview waiting
room so I'm finally gonna get him the
nadeshot interview he's gonna be very
very happy
mark taking his dear sweet time to
figure out who's next
he's laughing so he's excited about
something I hate the tiger i subbed
thank you to the tiger i was the tier
two sub was ab shirt as well actually
the tiger I came in with twitch crime
awesome thinking feel free to use
Twitter I'm on the sub in the channel
Zab sure came in with the tea or to
thank you a I'm sure I need to get some
tier two into your three emotes going we
got Kai ryx it's a how you pronounce it
yes it's her ex but I like Eric's I
think Eric sounds cooler we got kaha
rocks on the show where he clouds tall
in Carrick pirates pirates anti Rick's
British harsh it in Arabic and that so I
just named ice itself after shit okay
okay where are you calling crew I'm from
Chicago okay
Chicago awesome what do you want to talk
about on the show today I want to talk
about how earlier someone was saying 100
thieves wasn't gonna make finals and
they were gonna lose to either team
liquid or at sea 9 yeah and you agree
with that statement so you're here to
Double Down now I want to I want to
rebuttal that
and actually I think 100 thieves has a
higher chance of winning ma okay so um
I'm gonna start and say I'm a TSM van
and I think TSM TSM is gonna get to the
finals on that side of the bracket but I
think that hundred thieves right now has
that mentality that CLG had in 2016
spring where they were like people
didn't really believe that they were
gonna do well and everyone's just gonna
say oh see oh geez gonna lose this round
so they kind of had like that little
mentality shift where they're underdogs
and they're always makes teams perform
better but um I also think that Cody's
on aphromoo our boat should be top tier
in MVP choices because I don't think
Cooney is that good everyone says Jensen
and sneaky and smoothie but like the
last two three weeks I've looked
terrible but after mousse pulling out
really big plays and then Cody Sun is
just so damn consistent and then I think
that um like in the quarterfinals and
the semifinals someday could hold
himself top lane 5 vs. impact and
licorice and then the rest of the team
will dominate both c9 and/or Team Liquid
okay before we get into your prediction
for 100 thieves and the playoffs I want
to talk a little bit it's that game is
he finally coming to give me my vitamin
water purple vitamin water it's yellow
wait why not good no the energy one is a
really good one
everything else is shit alright listen
everybody's hyping up after me every
time every Sun for a while people were
talking about medias over the course the
weekend I think these guys are doing
great and I'm not saying that I'm not
gonna vote for them or anything but I'm
a little concerned because it does feel
like there's some recency bias here I'm
curious what marks thoughts are on this
because like if cloud 9 and echo fox
held those positions for so long over
the course of the nine weeks and it was
because of people like who need our talk
hoo-dee-hoo the last caller said is
overrated but who need our doc smoothie
etc is it incorrect or is it is it silly
to then look at like hundreds Eve's
recent performance and say man look how
good a firm we looked this weekend
he's MVP because theoretically MVP
stretches the whole nine weeks yeah well
I don't know if anyone remembers but
hundred thieves was forum one at a point
and then went on like a four or five
game losing streak and then went on a
nine and one run at the end or whatever
it was so like hundred these were decent
at the beginning people were like oh
they're real and then after they lost
four or five and rather like oh they
suck and then this like oh my god
they're really good and during that four
one streak everyone was like holy shit
after him it looks so good
he's amazing and the games were really
long like hundred these games were the
longest in the league I'm pretty sure
and they would only win after like four
barren attempts for like they slowly
grind out their opponents or some shit
like that and then we would do the mic
checks and you just hear like afro
calling out what they should do there
was like the really famous one there was
like week one or week two told him stop
damage I'm fair and killed a guy when he
came in CC like it was it was beautiful
so I think afro has been consistent the
entire time and he's peaking at the end
and maybe that's why people are
concerned about the recency thing but I
mean I mean I just never heard a from
his name before like the last two weeks
that's because people didn't talk about
MVP until like week four or five and
during that point one hundred thieves in
the middle of their slump and we're
losing a bunch of games so like right
when MVP conversation started no one was
talking about aphromoo but I think if
you go back and like want to build a
case for afro I think it's pretty good I
think it's actually one of the better
ones if if hooni had carried his team in
the tiebreaker against hundred thieves
and and Equifax had got number one would
we be having this conversation probably
because I think yeah Hootie as much as
echo fox has been struggling I actually
don't think it's all huni's fault
I think his play style and amount of
skill on like how he's playing the game
has mostly stayed the same I think the
team has kind of fallen apart around him
whereas like their bot lane picked
Calista every game and went even or lost
slight leads by having a
I already picked cuz they didn't get
much jungle attention and Darla would
like camp topside and then the Metis
shifted away from that being a good
strategy and he would pick trundle and
try and do it and he would like take a
Tara to ten minutes and be up through
TCS but now his bottling can't pick
Calista and then he's playing against
like a beast a spot lane with a split
pushing attempting triangle
he asked the TP into teamfights because
now they're forcing like a lot of stuff
felt like it went wrong for hooni and I
don't I think the criticism probably
threw at him is fair that like he's at
his best when he's playing this way and
that's really the only way you should
use huni's like this tool that should
become your pressure point of your team
if you're gonna have him on your team
well I think it's fair to say that like
yeah he didn't create enough pressure to
offset the bots you can hold a little
bit of criticism to him but I don't
think he's startling that much worse I
really agree that okay I'm not saying
again I'm not everybody freaking out and
the YouTube comments already I can sense
it well I'm not saying that I'm not
gonna vote for everybody doesn't deserve
it it's just I worry because so much of
this conversation just popped out this
weekend and that feels so much like I
agree it feels like it but I mean Jan
I've been talking a fair amount about
like who's MVP and this and that and
like how good are people we talked about
who need our talk and I think it was
smoothie on week four or five right
around the first round robin was ending
he was like who's your first person MVP
like first split and there was like it
has to be one of those three guys and
then we didn't really revisit an MVP
conversation until guess what the second
round robin was ending so it probably
feels like we completely flip-flopped
our tune but it was like yeah there's
been nine more games so I don't think
it's as reactionary as it might feel if
you've only caught a couple of the
conversations yeah alright well moving
on prolly do you think do you agree with
the idea if you a treat you agree with
the caller whatever he says that hundred
thieves is gonna kick ass and take names
and kill everyone this this playoffs
yeah this is character a X Y s smartest
guy it's always hard when we have a
coach or a player on and somebody calls
in they're like
I think that this person's team is the
best team to ever exist it's like how do
you respond to that probably do you feel
like you get I mean like you talk about
some things you want to fix with like
some of the execution on ganks or
something like how close to peak do you
feel not really close like I think we're
doing well we're like improving week by
week and stuff but all right even like
at the end of the season I'm still
amazed that we lost so many games and
even in our wins like our mistakes are
things that are still within our grasp
to improve and we haven't had that game
where I'm like I need to really press
this team now to like get to the next
level it's like I think everyone sees
where we need to be and we can still get
there so definitely don't think we're
like peaked yet or like it's gonna
happen in the next like week I guess
ideally you want have to happen in like
2 weeks for us but I mean I think we're
just playing really well right now
and it's gonna keep improving because
that's just like how the team got to
here was not through like the meta
changes or anything it's like we got to
start improving this quickly because we
went through so much like muddy water
and shit together that we like got out
the other side as like a good team like
I think during this split like specially
going to we're going to go to and stuff
that was like a make a break for a lot
of teams I think we could have just gone
straight downhill from there but we like
got out of it alive so I don't think
we're like planning on like stopping
anytime soon like I think the growth of
this team is gonna be hitting a ceiling
probably in a couple months
yeah Carrick's thank you so much I wish
we could have you on a little bit longer
but we got two more colors to go and
we're running over time so thank you I
appreciate it
have you gone alright two more people
want to give a shout out to job creators
and pf builds both of which sound like
websites i don't i've got companies
Chiang subbing somethings made PF builds
I don't know what P of bills with PF is
like some must be it's a guy I'm a PF
Changs
he's a league pro build crater now
there's the construction company
all right we got a zento on the show
how's it going i zento let's go i'm
pretty good how are you guys doing
very very good what do you where you
come from uh call from LA hey Los
Angeles California
you I lived there what do you want to
talk about so I wanted to revisit the
conversation of coaches getting blamed
for draft because you know that was a
very big topic back in last worlds and
partly but recently the six people
wanted the six fired and and that was
people were saying it was because of the
draft yeah yeah exactly and I have a
problem with a lot of coaches kind of
displacing blame away from themselves
and players also defending that as well
too and saying that it's not necessarily
the coaches fault because I think it
boils down to more than that because
it's it's a very nuanced topic of course
because you know it has to do with the
players champions pool and you know what
they can do with certain champions
whether they are meta or not you know
just for instance like who he's aurelion
sol like sure that's not necessarily a
meta champion but he is good with that
champion but I think it's a coach's
responsibility in order to instill this
following of the meta because when you
look at the meta and you think of the
purpose of what the meta actually is to
the professional scene it's to play at
the highest level possible and the most
optimal way to do that is to play
towards the meta because those are the
opie champions and so I think a coach
should ultimately be responsible for
what is you know played with in the
games
okay so you think the dude would you say
the code should be 100% responsible for
the draft no I'm not I'm not saying a
hundred percent because there's also a
player's skill curve or ability to
retain knowledge because that varies
between different players some players
you know they are good at a specific
champion better than other champions for
instance Phoenix on Azir he's very good
more than the average LCS player on Azir
so you can say that his skill curve for
that champion is higher and you can
assume that that goes over on different
champions as well too regardless of if
they're meta or not but I think there
still should be a culture instilled
within the team to learn meta champions
and if a coach's draft is necessarily
ruined because of a player's champion
pool that should also fall upon the
coach as well too probably how do you
think it's well I feel like I did an
interview in the past where you were
like hey listen I'm not the only person
doing the draft here like it's a
conversation and least that's how you
sound bow it and like I there other
people should be you know they're giving
me advice on who will they want to play
- yeah I think that's more like an
insight to how it works as opposed to
hey it's not all me because I would
blame myself for every single draft
we've done like good and bad I would say
it's all like because ultimately it's
all the decision or all the information
I get from the players information I get
from scrims and then like how well we
perform in these champions and then it's
ultimately like I'm deciding what we're
gonna pick even to the extent where if a
player says like let me play this
champion here so good it still
ultimately like if I'm sitting there
champs like to be like no we're not
playing it I don't I don't think the
team is gonna be like no like don't
listen to the coach pick what you want
it's like so I think even when I'm like
when I hear it
players say like oh I'm really confident
on this
let's play it like it still feels like
I'm I should be responsible for allowing
that or not allowing that and it's up to
me to kinda judge like is this right to
like let him do this confidence pick
over like a safe pick or something um so
I'd still like hold myself responsible
for that and judge myself as opposed to
being like well the player wanted to
play it so it's all on him
I definitely think oh well sorry anyway
but so then what is your opinion on
those coaches or those players that kind
of shift the blame away from the coach
themselves because as you're saying you
take responsibility for the actions of
your players and whether that they can
play these meta picks or everything but
in the past coaches have said oh well
it's it's all about how the team
coordinates together and how you know
the the meta picks meshed together and
and they can't necessarily play these
picks so you shouldn't necessarily blame
the players and yet you shouldn't
necessarily blame the coach as well too
so you know which is it duh do you blame
the coach or do you blame the players
like should the coach necessarily take
the whole fall for the team or what I
guess it's kind of up to how that what
that coach is capable of the reason why
I think responsibility for that kind of
stuff is because I know I can show a
player how to play a champion correctly
if I have to so if we're not picking a
certain champion because like we we
didn't learn it or something I'm sure
some coaches will say like oh my player
just can't play that champion so we
didn't pick it I think it's more of like
I didn't do a good job of like making
him believe this pick can work with him
and with this play style and I didn't
like show him the right things or like I
didn't give him the opportunities to
play it correctly or learn it correctly
I guess so if one of my players is not
playing a meta champion I had the
ability to fix that and I I just didn't
put enough effort into that or I just
wasn't focused on it or I was just like
wrong about how to approach it
so I would take that blimp on myself
because I know I'm capable of teaching
that player how to play this champion if
we really need it other coaches I don't
think are that focused on like this is
what they want to do you know like I
mean I still play the game a whole bunch
so it's easier for me to like get on
their level when it comes to learning a
champion but I think other coaches like
only use the information from scrims or
only from other regions to kind of
determine what pick bans gonna be and I
kind of use also like the fact that I
still play and I kind of understand how
like my players like learning curves
will be with certain champions and how
they'll fit so everything that has to do
with pick/ban I can always fix it and
improve it if like I put that much work
into it
so if something goes wrong I won't
always take the blame for it I think
that's just a comfortable style for
coaching I think if you if you want to
just say like pick/ban is like a team
thing I think you can you just won't be
pushing yourself as a coach so that's
like my answer because that's how I want
to approach it to get better as a coach
I think like judging other teams I
wouldn't just blame the coach personally
because I don't know what their role is
on the team like as a coach what they
actually do for pigman rights just to
play devil's advocate like zabi teen at
the start of the split was very much
about like player empowerment in terms
of like what they were gonna play and
stuff like that he did a couple
interviews where he was like yeah you
know if a player wants to feel something
I'll pretty much always be like sure you
know and I think you kind of saw that
that one time that felt like arrow was
like I want to play Draven and he like
team blinded Caitlyn he was like I'm
playing trade then they picked Raven
into Caitlyn he's fell down for TCS like
I think if you want to blame the coach
for not having a more strict methodology
in that system I think maybe you can you
can levy that criticism but then be
talking more about the structure that
they set up I guess so I don't know I
think it depends on which team does what
yeah and and that's that's maybe going
towards the Korean mountain mentality or
what I assume is the Korean mentality of
that the coach kind of has this full
control and so they're able to dictate
exactly what
the players play and whether they study
meta picks or not and maybe that's why
the Korean meta is usually at the
forefront because they are the ones
innovating these picks they're the ones
actually perfecting these picks
themselves but speaking to actually
improving a player and improving their
meta picks over time then what do you
have to say about Ryu and his previous
performance over the past on you know
h2k because he always had a problem with
playing meta picks themselves so I'm
super sorry to do this we could but
we're 15 minutes overtime so I can't
further the conversation I really
appreciate the conversation just about
coaching I think it was really good
sorry to cut you off message me two
batters yeah I'll get to that else yes
how about that that's okay thanks dude
all right hey before bring on the next
caller probably just have a quick
question you how do you feel about you
know Ryu because some people have
criticized his champion pool and mostly
playing like Taliah and rise so like you
know would you say you deserve any
criticism yeah it is it is really all my
fault because like if I can't make I
don't know look at this fucking Opie
champion 100% win rate if I can't make
that champion look juicy for my player
then like I'm my approach is wrong or
there's or maybe I'm just wrong about
how the champion should be played
relative to my player like there's
something I'm not getting it correctly
sure but I have a question it's like I
don't know if this is the case with Ryu
we don't see him play as here very much
it feels like because Cassio is fine he
can play some of the standard control
majors but like do you feel like you
deserve the criticism for him not
playing is here or is it at some point
we're like I tried I have done my best
it has not worked and these other
strategies are more likely to result in
the win so I'm just gonna go with them
but like that first problem of not
learning the isre or something or
whatever whatever champ you might have
or more personal experience like do you
feel like you still deserve the most
blame for that or do you feel like you
know at some point some players do have
certain affinities to champions and it's
fine to let them be that well like the
way I want to coach like yeah I want
that blame okay like that that should be
on me because there's stuff like even
though 0 like I mean he's got an ax
nerfed again but I still think he's
super playable so if we're not picking
him it's like I have to have a reason
why we're not picking like a strong
champion like that and if I can't like
convince for you to play it or like make
him like or help him improve on that
like dude how can I not make a player
better like that's my job so if you
can't play this champion or like the
team can't play with this champion like
dude that's that should be all on me
skill shot that's something like I can
kind of help with but it's sometimes
that's gonna be out of my control but
realistically like dude if he's thrown a
skill shot I could probably help him
with that too I mean cool so when I when
I came with that review question I
didn't mean it to have it sound so harsh
because I believe that ryu has improved
with this champion pool like
specifically Taliah if you guys remember
last split or last year on p1 it's
fucking awful probably one of his worst
champions i would think with playing
with Thalia and specifically playing
with the team his alts were just
god-awful but now he's looking quite
better you know on 100 Thebes so was
this kind of a champion that you
pinpointed and said you had to work on
this sorry if I you want to continue the
conversation the next hour of my life
Marcuse you can't you can't have it both
ways
alright what you wanted to go up it goes
what I asked the question and you
brought as how's JAMA
you're cutting in and out for some
reason I said I was saying you put him
in the channel not me this is you
wanting it both
sorry and so I I do at the LCS - so
maybe let's just save that one for
problem yeah yeah sounds good thanks
guys have a good night thanks I don't
know how to feel like when I'm asked a
question and I'm not allowed to answer
it now I'm like what do I say now
nothing we get the last guy moving
probably alright this is not democracy
yeah you can grab the last guy I German
I know okay what up shotgun shotgun is
here shotgun do you want to explain here
I'll let you I'll give you the mic go
for it alright so what happened was back
aid after week one it ended so going
into week two I had called in and made
the bold prediction that one hundred
thieves would finish first in na and
I've done that and during that week you
said that if I had correctly predicted
that that I could come in here and do a
little victory lap so I'm coming here
for my victory lap now yeah what and I
want to thank you probably what was the
reaction whenever you predicted I'm
training was great everybody I remember
Travis you were kind of giggling about
it I don't remember exactly what Mark's
reaction was I think he what yeah I
think I I definitely didn't agree with
you I'm pretty I was not like hundred
thieves is gonna finish number one but I
don't think I thought it was the
craziest idea I don't I don't remember
where I landed did I clip it up and put
it on YouTube you did not clip it out
specifically it weakly dominate the
clock it's only predicted cloud nine
would not make play like playoffs at all
this split or this year and somebody
pretty good a hundred thieves would not
or sorry TSN would not make finals at
all yeah
so we will see but congratulations how
did you know shotgun I just I just felt
like the team was really strong I know
we had like the weak spots but like
overall the team just felt really strong
and when I saw that clip of a from ooh
shotcalling and Baron pit it just really
felt like the whole team kind of
coalesced really well how much is is
because you saw probably was going to
coach this team
um actually not a lot because I
typically do I'm relatively new to the
world of lately
lol eSports of a live on watching the
past like two years so I didn't know the
whole like probably taking an EU team to
set me is that much I got into it
afterwards there's not much to know
there's not much history for probably it
was probably being involved was never
yeah yeah but I feel like he put
together a really solid team and I just
want to thank probably again for for
making this possible for me whatever
probably doesn't make it to finals
will you leave angry with them I'll be a
little sad I I can't be angry he brought
us this far you gonna be mad you should
be mad oh that's worse I know well shock
and I think you're the first are you the
first mark come here I'm where I see the
first person to be able to get the busy
the first person to be able to get the
victory lap on the show I think that
might been echo Fox guy who got a
victory lap and I don't know if he still
is running we need to take away his
victory lap if that's the case cuz they
yeah I remember someone was like I
called it echo fox gonna be the best
ever and it's like yeah yeah I think I
think that's right I think I remember he
but he didn't get like it was in the
floor reason shotgun where do you think
they're gonna go and playoffs do you
think they're they're taking taking the
title and go on MSI uh I think so
um I here's your's bracket yeah be
careful what you say cuz this is
prediction number two you've predicted
them to finish first and put in the
split this is your chance to continue
being like you didn't take crumbs this
title is the what the wizard why what
was this whatever prophet what was G
what's what happens next
shotgun I think they're probably gonna
win I was just looking at the bracket
real quick um yeah mostly getting T
Elliman
TSM yeah mostly getting PL or either TSM
or echo fox
and I mean we just beat echo fox what
yesterday so yeah twice until the finals
yeah yeah finals that's only place we
can meet you soon I think yeah bro we're
always like right that's correct right
okay PLR c9 most likely TL and then
either I forget who the other team was
but it's like TSM or echo fox for the
most part yeah there's a reshuffle
element there anyway so you think that
they'll win their next prediction is
that they're gonna win the finals and go
to MSI it's a go to MSI oh yeah okay
wait why are we gonna win though what's
our strengths by the way um I really
think the team cohesion is a big
strength and you guys being able to like
do things on the map really well just as
well as like like really strong support
and mid-play have been really helpful
for us any any good pick ban or you know
infrastructure you think helping the
team or is it mostly just the players
and especially the bot lane I just think
the whole team synergy I don't think
it's necessarily anyone like major
factor I just think it's a like a well
coached well organized team well thank
you so much and congratulations on your
your run where are you calling from
again yeah nice job
Ohio Ohio hey we got the Ohio guy out
risen Lazarus claims every single
episode there's someone from my Ohio I
love that the last minute somebody came
in from Ohio so thank you so much
congratulations on your win shotgun
Thanks
goodbye alright really quickly by the
way somebody donated 10 bucks I don't
normally take the calls but or but it's
at the end of the show and it's
interesting i'm Matei donated ten bucks
that said can mister hermod so how you
pronounce your listening buying a mod
you don't know my last name bro I don't
know how to pronounce hard like last
name come on what else would be Hamid I
just try to be recycle
but next time I'll just fucking
mispronounce your shit
like the schoolteachers would say like
Hammond like put a fucking phantom in
yeah yeah I got him in the lot in school
so can mr. Hamada the zigs god comment
on POA cigs pick Sunday looks like a
straight and pick into Swain and that
that has no draft control BBQ Oliver has
picked at three times versus here in lck
but Azir was open for POA to pick
declare p OE was in ting please thanks
so you don't have much space here you
just have to save game yeah I think it's
not a question I watched some of it cuz
when I realized they weren't playing
serious I was like okay I saw this
expect I was like that's cool but I
think yeah and I'll see ki think I like
the way they used it but I'm still not a
fan of the pic the way optic use it make
sure like yeah he ended is that what you
want to hear peewee and I don't care he
didn't build nashor's on zigs so that's
nice this person paid me $10 to could
you say he entered so you just did it I
feel like are the support zillion I
don't you actually like support you know
a lot every time I see it is sucks like
I don't know I've played against it in
soloqueue and it looks good but then
every time I'm like thinking about a
team comp I'm like zillion support so I
think it ideally it looks nice like on
paper but then when you like start
running the champions around it's like
this feels terrible
well I want you to wrap up the show here
first off I want to give a shout to the
final people here who supported believin
benjamine vanilla bear scrub so many
things reserved inside yay it's Volks
says this is the prolly show now Cinna
Friday resub for six months with
probably X Travis
three that's I appreciate the six months
but yeah listen three by the way it's
folks on the sin of Friday receptive six
months I might be the first time I've
seen six months thank you everyone for
supporting for half a year that's crazy
rush on the bench forever recept and
said the subs brought to you by owen by
HP kappa or sotl kappa that's i I need
to get if somebody can clip that there's
so many great moments any to share with
the sponsor and mellow jello 100 shot us
a thousand bits and says things go
straight guys so thanks everyone for
supporting mark you got any shoutouts
plugs anything you want to say here I
don't think so yeah there's nothing I
changed my mind
I believe in offline TV video should be
coming out tomorrow slash this week okay
that is a tomorrow tomorrow slash this
week oh hey I also want to pitch an ID
and I'll just do it on air because see
the last time you did this it made me
it's gonna make me lose a lot of money
and Luke has spent a lot of time drug
it's gonna make people really happy
hopefully that's what this does to you I
want to do a video series kinda like it
called the dungeon manifestos where it's
just at the end of the split and you
scale like a team together and it
wouldn't be livestream so that way
people don't feel the pressure like
having to watch what they're gonna say
we just get the team really drunk and we
just shoot the shit about like I don't
know whatever it is like oh that guy's
playing me this like whatever I already
talked if you can get a team drunk so
like I'm gonna try and avoid two beers
no no don't be in that like yes I agree
probably not difficult I'm gonna try and
avoid all management but you know I just
feel like there's some some element
lacking in any sports recently
especially as sports I should say with
like the amount of just like realness
that you sometimes see and like the
laid-back realness I think there's like
a lot of team drama realness and like
people approaching like a job realness
but you know like when TL God knocked
out of worlds at in season five when we
find
the gondola like what happened was like
everyone was just so stressed out
finally relief like everyone just got
fucked up and we just like kind of
spilled our guts and it was really funny
and like if you did in a controlled
enough environment with a camera and you
promise like cut out all the worst bits
do whatever it is I want to see if I can
pitch this to some people like as a form
of entertainment or a form of like this
will improve the team because they get
to let all know it clearly as a form of
entertainment just like I'll talk to
Gabe how I want yeah what do you think
of my idea did you hear my idea me Gabe
or did he leave I'm I'm watching the
stream you love the actual thing my bad
fuck all right I don't know if it's
gonna work it probably won't but I just
want to try and kiss some teams and
maybe like it'd be great if I had
players from multiple teams just so it's
like do you fuck you that one time you
can't mid that was bullshit and then I
can like sit with gameplay if you do it
I will be very happy the problem is
there's a reason I don't do drunk state
of leagues anymore and it was because
sometimes not life what it wouldn't be
live maybe a produced video yeah maybe
it was a chances of it but you have to
have like different roles from different
teams because if you had like two mid
laners there's gonna argue about a
matchup for like two hours you need to
like not get the same lanes so where
I'll still just I'll talk about some
when you said the dunzo manifesto at the
end of every split I got really excited
because I thought what you were gonna
say as we find a player who's not gonna
continue on with his career and is
retiring and they just let loose on
every opinion they've ever had like fuck
this guy I hate this guy like this is
over like you suck you suck you suck
right like where he's just like fuck it
I'm not playing anymore you know like I
don't know easy to find that cuz link
was like I'm done with the scene on that
note yeah until he comes back for Team
Liquid on the bench for three weeks to
them isn't so probably don't tell
nadeshot or Jackson or whoever the else
would care about this but I'm gonna
probably reach out to like medias
whenever MSI slash playoff ends for you
guys for this idea yeah
wait so you just said it to everyone to
for me not this how so if
twitch chats not gonna sell me out it's
gonna be if your players find out or I
guess your org finds out I'm blaming you
yeah there's like you were literally
there's literally you're creating this
is like if deep throat brought like a
vlog camera along to meet up with the
Washington Post people I don't think
anyone knows that reference and they
just heard the wiki throat like I know
what you're referencing but I doubts
twitch chat knows what the fuck you're
talking about twitch failfish knows deep
throat twitch is jamming snitches get
stitches right now goddamn right all
right there's a fourteen hundred and
twenty eight of us including the three
of us watching right now not to mention
the thousands of people that will watch
the vaad but no one fuckin say shit okay
yeah just keep it on the DL I'm gonna
try and get some players to get drunk at
some point after the season ends and
just shoot the shit and put on the video
hopefully alright probably do you have a
shoutout anything you want to say that
200 these fans years are awesome and
when do I I'm actually not done cuz I
heard something that I get a platform to
complain about Bungie at some point
that's right now yeah right now that's
right now yeah have you guys played this
game by the way no I'm here to a shit
yeah I have it I actually have sealed
copies of it right there two of them
because I got a discount from a friend
that works at Blizzard so this is like a
really like dangerous spiral in like
creating games that's that's like just
ruining all FPS is cuz FPS links since
like Halo other than like csgo if if
csgo is not your thing like not many FPS
is are great right now like call duty
I'm curious how the next one's gonna be
but the way destiny to dropped is like
like gun fighting to everything feels
really good right but the way they
balanced the game was to favor casual
players so they took away like all
intents like semi intense mechanics and
like I
playability where like everyone is like
just neutered and kind of shooting each
other with nothing and I feel like this
is happening a lot more and more where
games are actually trending towards this
where they're like I understand casuals
are gonna be more often than prose or
anything like that but like dumbing down
games to an extent where it's like
there's nothing to get better at and you
kind of just play the game and
everyone's like essentially around the
same skill level because there's no
ceiling anymore you I'm a melee fan
so for each brother hmm I mean so you
have a little bit harder because like
not many things like I really have World
of Warcraft did this and I'm super happy
about it cuz well because wow is not
like only PvP you don't really have like
an option like destiny had a PvE element
but they did the exact same thing where
it's like super dumbed down so like wow
if you're don't like the thumb down PvP
you can just be and it's fine but like
FPS you're only like way to play this
game is you go shoot other people and
when you take that away it's like why
play this kind of genre because you can
build things well in fortnight now yeah
did a good job that I like fortnight
yeah I appreciate what it did but at the
same time I'm like you just made guns
and accurate so I didn't feel as bad
when I missed people and now I build
walls instead that feels like I feel
like you put bumper lanes up in my game
when I was like do what the fuck I was
happy missing put the bumpers on let me
gutter ball okay go play a game like an
FPS where you can't build it's gonna
feel so bad when you're like there's
like a bridge above you and you want to
get there and you're like now I have to
walk all the way around and waste like
thirty seconds and for no you're it's
like fuck it dude a little bit but like
I played poker before I want to like
fortnight because I kind of enjoy the
fact that so popular right now and that
it seems more approachable and just like
a definitely more your speed it's better
it's a better trading game but I'm
enjoying pub G more because like in
fortnight I'm watching and people are
like actively building wall
while people are shooting at them I'm
like that just feels like such a weird
mechanic like I'm building a wall right
it's just it's really it's really weird
like I remember the first time I played
for tonight I literally was just
laughing and I was like breaking walls
like how is this an FPS like I was I was
really confused yeah but when you play
it like it feels a lot better when it's
not like an FPS like the general
consensus is like they get the first
shot they win now
like that's how a lot of PS are like you
just die before you can react and this
game actually gives you a chance to
react and do something right there was
like a shield or something and so like
you're I'm building a wall for a house
that doesn't exist it will get destroyed
it's just such a weird mechanic that is
essentially your shield you'd build a
wall and then they can break it and you
have to build it again for your shield
so yeah I like for tonight law I know I
kind of BM get there I think it's really
cool I just don't like how with an
assault rifle I can't hit someone
hundred meters away reliably or like
okay yeah it's not it's like the spread
on it the RNG like is too high I think
because it's projectile based bullets
it's not hits gun
yep that conversely ovie told me that
the shotguns are hit scam
I don't know about if they have
different things for different weapons I
mean there's a bunch of weird mechanics
I can roll like like you cycle through
your weapons doing one shot on them or
whatever yeah like there's a whole bunch
of goofy mechanics that I like in the
game because it increases skill cap and
I feel like the game would be kind of
lame if it was just like pew pew
obviously there's a lot of skill but
it's not aiming skilled away like pub G
is predominantly aiming skill my whole
twitch chat is spamming asked probably
about March one guy even says he's gonna
sub if I ask you
so before you answer I'll just say you
guys teased it at the end of the heist
and then I interviewed nadeshot
and in the interview with nature I he
was like there should be an announcement
coming soon so I somehow doubt that
you're gonna be like I'm glad you asked
that here's all the merchandise are
coming out with here so it's actually
right behind me exactly no I hate that I
have to keep saying like it's it's
coming it's coming
and
we're all super excited about it - so
you guys complain about it like you guys
want merch understand the entire team is
complaining like we want it to so we're
all in the same boat you know that this
can be a revenue stream does nadeshot
know that um can I get some free merch I
asked on Twitter and your social media
people flame me for pretty good reason
um I'll give them a thumbs up for that
yeah but can you also give me a jacket
okay jacket even that you want the
windbreaker I I don't care I just want
free the other ones I think the like
definitely give him the windbreaker cuz
I think the other ones are super
expensive looking well then give me the
more expensive one I didn't know what I
was comparing you're so materialistic
bro
very ya support says there is your free
sub that wasn't a free sub that came at
a cost I had asked probably a question I
mean the answer to all right so you got
nothing else to shout-out probably you
win on your rampage about Bungie yeah I
didn't go too deep though because I feel
like you just yeah if you guys don't
play destiny - you guys won't understand
my complaints you know I need this is
where I just need to let off steam
if 1400 people here who might play
destiny - so don't worry about us - no
dude those people are we're already
flaming on this destiny subreddit for
you know the last six months so melody
rx says why did everyone's blue lights
go out
welp Raleigh's blue lights went out
halfway through the show or like
two-thirds the way through the show and
then I looked over and Mark it turned
off his blue light and I was like I
guess we're doing this and so I tried we
late
all these lights have been going on and
off the entire yet home Gabe snuck
behind you and turn on the red light and
then at some point in time the blue
light randomly died and gave walks in
here I was like oh no his blue lights
off but now he's yelling alright I guess
your lights the show's done I'm gonna
wrap it up here I'll stick around on the
stream for a little bit but we have a
podcast of the show I always try to say
this I think
you know nobody makes it this far into
the show so it's a mistake but right now
since at the beginning iTunes Google
Play it's there
I've patreon I have a support page all
that stuff helps thanks to owned by HP
for doing this I'm gonna be in Miami
we're trying to figure out if we can
make live hotline like happen thousands
and thousands and thousands of dollars
to make it happen to be completely
honest which is the major challenge
right now but I try and do that and I
want to thank everyone for watching the
show you can check it out over on
youtube if you're watching on YouTube
twitch TV star Sol Travis we try to
broadcast Mondays at 8:00 p.m.
thanks to prolly thanks to mark it's
been episode I think thanks for coming
out problem